miss Wilkerson you two were married on
June 6th 1998 barely and do you Ronald
effin Bergesen take this woman to be
your lawfully wedded wife you left
before we even did our first dance and
you know our choreography was on pause
I'm gonna take everything you got Ronald
Wilkinson I know you mean well but just
stop trying to help but I wanna help
all I want is to be the daughter I
should have been this whole time I don't
even really want money for honor I just
wanted to apologize
Ronald Wilkerson was declared legally
dead by this woman so because Ronald
Wilkerson is dead Miss Brooks you can't
sue him how is your wife still Sonja yes
thank you maybe you should go back to
New York oh okay
if that's the way you feel oh stop it
all I want is not to be deported that's
it but I think you should leave Thunder
I'm sorry the friendship we had was deep
and real but if you'll have me
I'd like to be your friend without
benefits why is your phone going
straight to voicemail what are you doing
here I need a place to stay
I just found out my ex-husband sold the
townhouse of course you can stay here
but wouldn't you rather be in a fancy
hotel no I can't afford that right now
but you have 12 million shut your mouth
don't ever let anyone know how little I
got in the divorce so sorry it's just
that I throw away some clothes earlier
and then I hunted and gretel myself to
your backless car there is a rumor that
you only got 12 million from Juliette
Wow that is absurd I've never had 12 of
anything you want to go out sometime
[Music]
using my 12 million dollars to punch
Deirdre and her white mouth sold till
the lady in the front row for 11 and a
half million dollars thanks to the
divorce I don't actually own anything
but for a few months I could pretend to
be dealing with the decorator son of a
how could Julian do this I know
going public so soon this is exactly
what Stanley did to me Kimmy I'm glad
you're here
see I took your advice I went out and
found the opposite of Julian just like
you said look at how young and poor he
is your Julian now that's ridiculous
I'm helping him with his what was it a
DJ career without the founder I'd be
lost
thanks to cosmetology my life has
purpose my eyebrows have definition and
I can control things with my mind but I
found at different cults one that's
perfect for you just listen to their
leader just shut up and let me hear the
leader the sheep's must follow you're
gonna move on in your own way by
starting a cult I'm the one who'd have
to property brothers this cut you you
need foundation work rewiring I bet you
have termites and I can't take on a
project like that unless you're willing
to I'm Kimberly Schmitz I'm supposed to
take my GED tomorrow but I never got my
confirmation letter took a couple of
years but I'm finally gonna graduate
high school I thought I made myself
clear
clearly Canadian Crystal Pepsi I was
just dropping off your GED letter what
this is in a couple weeks and time right
I don't want to work for you anymore
because I want to go back to just being
your friend I promise to help you with
whatever you need whenever you need it
if you let me borrow your car in between
times cuz you're looking at a fudging
uber driver today's the day mom I'm
doing it everything I came back to New
York to do tonight is my big charity
thing of course and we'll be proud of
you no matter how it goes
thank you for coming to support first
Americans for turtle island when the
Pilgrims landed in the New World
no this is to benefit Native Americans
and to resolve hundreds of years
hold on we didn't get rich by throwing
money away
I failed the Jews took my painting now
it's a baaad so you found my scrunchie
under your pillow so I told her the
truth that I put it there because I'm
trying to drive the two of you apart
fine I give up now that I know how you
really feel about me goodbye forever I
hate you so much
crazy American witch I hate you too you
know what I quit
I'm going home to celebrate fake
Christmas what the people have fake love
I smell your scrunchie and dream of when
I am divorced in two years yes if I
can't live like this run away with me no
you were right this whole time we
shouldn't wait to live our lives but I'm
afraid I can't leave until the Mondrian
does look I'm not the bad guy here okay
he has a chat I haven't flown private in
so long
[Music]
you're the best thing that's ever
happened
we're never going to see each other
again it's really gross back here it's
never gonna be perfect you're
uncomfortable with conflict abs how come
is that huh huh
number two vote do you put other
people's needs ahead of yours because
your name ously I can't be the person to
help you what why I mean I tucked you in
and helped you cut up pictures of
someone named Trent's good lord that's
why it would be completely unethical the
doctor-patient relationship requires
boundary day me sucks I'm sorry she
wouldn't treat you maybe I could see you
at night no if I'm gonna do this I kind
of want someone who remembers stuff I'm
starting therapy tomorrow we are both
equally brave let's start from the
beginning excuse me miss can you tell me
how to get to the nursing college no I
can't stranger but I can show you
[Music]
I gotta come out to my family like I did
it along no you said we have less than
24 hours to prepare what does that mean
what am I supposed to prepare and the
bunker is not the only thing that
defines you I know that I just want to
go fat my parents met while my mom was a
beauty technician and my dad came to get
a perm they did it once at the bathroom
of a Ruby Tuesday's resurface most
Phoebe reduces I don't really know him
but his name starts with an S or a v I
was born on a roller coaster during
tornado alert wait what I'm just gay
okay I'm gay okay Pope seems to be for
it
so Who am I to go against our gay Pope
supposedly one in ten is gay so one of
our kids had to be can you think of any
other woman in your life who has laid
down one who maybe you blame cuz of your
in the bunker
my mother bingo ain't just a river in
Egypt they think they're gonna build
condos here let's see I'm dry if this
wedding is making my friend Kimmy cried
that I'm not getting married
Thank You Kenny my mom is a coaster head
she's addicted to riding roller coasters
I see what it's dumb eat him I do order
the car Russ is the man I spent the past
few weeks pursuing he's just finishing
up a phone call no no no Jerry you push
those people out of their homes I'll
push your wife's wedding ring out of my
ass I don't have to go away where to a
conference conference is therapists code
for rehab
like how Oh interesting go on is code
for I hate you and your stupid life I
put his needs before mine listen we want
to offer you the part of guy who stalks
Tracy chambers in mahogany what you
Cassie that is exactly what we look for
in our cruise ship performers you gotta
take that job what are you talking about
you just told me you want to move in
together I do but we can figure that out
when you get back in four months I'm
gonna find my mom I don't know how I
have no idea where she could be but if I
can find every gosh-dang waldo that's
ever crossed my path then I can find
Lois well that is in Orlando
baby I love you so much
I'm so sorry baby I'm so sorry
I know I don't often pay but if you're
listening black Jesus from the Madonna
like a prayer video give me a sign
evidently this woman fell asleep while
protesting a new development in each dog
novel and and the video may have
actually raised awareness about the
neighborhood among Internet happens
you're supposed to be in Miami Jesus I
thought we were past this but you're
just hiding from the real world again
maybe I found where I belong there's a
Space Museum here so you guys are
Redskins fans well I don't want to brag
but uh we'd kind of own the team miss
coughs Doug have you ever thought about
running for office I under that I really
liked you but the Redskins how is that
still a thing that name for years I've
been trying to get them to change it to
something cool like the prancer's we can
take down the Washington Redskins
I have a soul man and you and I've
entitled that emotion you sound like
that reporter the police station ladies
treating me like you got
there's nothing I can say that will
unconnect or fix my childhood or give
you the life you wanted before you had
me so like I said we're cool right yeah
hello Jimmy
it's dead which do you want I met
someone and I'm getting married uh-huh
so you and me are gonna have to get a
divorce
Jimmy
[Music]
you